Let's do a sanity check.
OK.
Checks and balances here.
This is our revenue in 2020.
For the three segments these three added together toll revenue.
Remember we hear from the TAM or total just will mark a little while ago.
Let's see if this makes sense to.
OK.
So for the three line items that Tam that we calculated was those three those three amounts.
So that means that Tallaght solutions for us by 2020 is only 2.2 percent of the TAM market solutions
by 2020 is 2.3 percent of that TAM or total Jaspal market and Priem solutions by 2020 is a miniscule
point 1 percent of that total possible market.
So this sanity check is just a little whatever you feel good about your results analysis.
This makes me feel OK about my numbers.
We're not.
I mean sometimes our model companies and I will get a mass of percent of the total addressable market
four or five years.
And in that case I'm usually wrong.
So I actually feel pretty good about this and that's it.
Thanks